DataGrid: add Keyboard Navigation limitations (#7360)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/05 Accessibility/15 Keyboard Navigation.md

DataGrid offers different keyboard controls depending on which action users want to perform.

### Navigation

[note]

> The **Ctrl + Home** and **Ctrl + End** shortcuts do not support DataGrid components with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Ctrl+Home** and **Ctrl+End** shortcuts are not supported in DataGrid components with:
```
